hello everyone today we will talk about
samurai samurai x cats basically
these were in on the feudal estates
nobles of japan originated samurai
In general, in principle, something like a forty- sixth
year of our era
samurai were not only wars peace and
ceramics knows them but they were also
bodyguards and and in ordinary life
daimy services armor has been published
metal plates coated with varnish
respectively so as not to rust and
taped on top of leather
think it was for aesthetics after all
the dams were attached
silk cord itself was difficult
listening was matting Muraev
if you list quickly what it was that
i.e. this is a one skirt cuirass
Leggings Knee Pads Shoulders on
pens on hand gloves in a helmet will help
mask plate shoes are actually there yet
more that is, they began to call everything there
a lot of weapons were what
the main two swords are big and small and
big was from meter to one and a half
slapped contacted were called differently
give something about the date but either katana 2 he is a sword
was small in the rain centimeters in hijaz
he was called short dagger
accordingly there was some
samara even used heels
exactly the same they were called
barely wrote used as hairpins and
sometimes they are defeated euro daws caliph
head even after the fight ask to find out
whose tracks
thank you all bye bye good luck